Add GetSeedForUUID HTTP Rest API (#306)
iotaledger/hub: docs/http_rest_api.md

    ```

### GetSeedForUUID

- Return the seed that is associated with the given uuid.

- Arguments

| Arg name | type   | Description                                |
| -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------ |

> | uuid     | string | The seed_uuid's in the hub_addresses table |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| uuid     | string | The seed's uuid in the hub_addresses table |
```
